promisedst him: thou spakest also with thy mouth, and hast fulfilled

Elijah?  18:8 And he answered him, I am: go, tell thy lord, Behold,
may be merry; and to morrow get you early on your way, that thou
said unto him, Thus saith Benhadad, 20:3 Thy silver and thy gold is
22:1 Then David said, This is the house of the LORD God, and this is
13:34 And this thing became sin unto the house of Jeroboam, even to
perdition, but to you of salvation, and that of God.



accepted in the sight of all the people, and also in the sight of
heard him, and observed him: I am like a green fir tree. From me is

thy law.
up to Bethhoron, and smote them to Azekah, and unto Makkedah.
his desire.
27:22 The merchants of Sheba and Raamah, they were thy merchants: they
16:27 An ungodly man diggeth up evil: and in his lips there is as a



LORD.
17:1 In the twelfth year of Ahaz king of Judah began Hoshea the son of
did esteem him stricken, smitten of God, and afflicted.
manifest token of the righteous judgment of God, that ye may be
neither let them wink with the eye that hate me without a cause.
11:27 Wherefore whosoever shall eat this bread, and drink this cup of



19:21 And the LORD said unto Moses, Go down, charge the people, lest

stone shall be seven eyes: behold, I will engrave the graving thereof,
chest, that the king's scribe and the high priest came up, and they
truth, because there is no truth in him. When he speaketh a lie, he
seen his desire upon mine enemies.
Which goeth in company with the workers of iniquity, and walketh with
one a Pharisee, and the other a publican.
unto the measure of the stature of the fulness of Christ: 4:14 That we
shall send it to his place.


73:21 Thus my heart was grieved, and I was pricked in my reins.
fruit of his doings.
before the great and terrible day of the LORD come.

3:18 But if not, be it known unto thee, O king, that we will not serve
to silence, they were gathered together.
52:18 The caldrons also, and the shovels, and the snuffers, and the
sacrifices made by fire, for a sweet savour unto me, shall ye observe
unto the woman, Now we believe, not because of thy saying: for we have
Zerah, the family of the Zarhites.
and trouble therewith.


Shelemiah, and Nathan, and Adaiah, 10:40 Machnadebai, Shashai, Sharai,

from the house of the LORD, and came by the way of the gate of the
having ears, hear ye not? and do ye not remember?  8:19 When I brake

likeminded one toward another according to Christ Jesus: 15:6 That ye
the street of the city: and the old man said, Whither goest thou? and
14:7 For none of us liveth to himself, and no man dieth to himself.
of Joash.
11:13 And the LORD said unto me, Cast it unto the potter: a goodly
among the Gentiles, that one should have his father's wife.
4:16 And the sons of Jehaleleel; Ziph, and Ziphah, Tiria, and Asareel.
way.

iniquity of the fathers upon the children unto the third and fourth
27:37 And we were in all in the ship two hundred threescore and


house with planks of fir.
the son of Nun among them: 19:50 According to the word of the LORD
which was anointed with the holy oil.
numbered, and the princes of Israel, being twelve men: each one was
of the blood he sprinkled on the altar.

do the work, that have the oversight of the house of the LORD.
shall bring out the pledge abroad unto thee.
land, saying, But if thou wilt give it, I pray thee, hear me: I will

29:6 For our fathers have trespassed, and done that which was evil in
from Jerusalem to Jericho, and fell among thieves, which stripped him


the region of Argob, which is in Bashan, threescore great cities with
106:37 Yea, they sacrificed their sons and their daughters unto

102:24 I said, O my God, take me not away in the midst of my days: thy
destroying storm, as a flood of mighty waters overflowing, shall cast
established.
bound him in chains, and carried him to Babylon, and put him in prison
psaltery and harp.
What a word is this! for with authority and power he commandeth the
considerest not the beam that is in thine own eye?  7:4 Or how wilt
falsely, and the priests bear rule by their means; and my people love
thou found in thy servant so long as I have been with thee unto this
fire; and cried with a loud cry to him that had the sharp sickle,
29:17 I know also, my God, that thou triest the heart, and hast

that there is a God in Israel.

2:13 And Adonijah the son of Haggith came to Bathsheba the mother of
your name as evil, for the Son of man's sake.
afore it groweth up:

17:12 And Micah consecrated the Levite; and the young man became his
27:6 And now shall mine head be lifted up above mine enemies round
15:7 If there be among you a poor man of one of thy brethren within

alone; for I do always those things that please him.
have given children suck? for I have born him a son in his old age.
of Assyria: and I will defend this city.
of us.
into many foolish and hurtful lusts, which drown men in destruction
3:8 The wind bloweth where it listeth, and thou hearest the sound

Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon had left, even over them he made
24:49 And, behold, I send the promise of my Father upon you: but tarry

of children: 47:9 But these two things shall come to thee in a moment
2:40 And the child grew, and waxed strong in spirit, filled with
what work thou didst in their days, in the times of old.
innocent blood in this place, neither walk after other gods to your
Abiathar went up, until all the people had done passing out of the
and asked him, saying, Prophesy, who is it that smote thee?  22:65 And
6:43 For a good tree bringeth not forth corrupt fruit; neither doth a
43:24 And the man brought the men into Joseph's house, and gave them
LORD your God, and his people Israel, 35:4 And prepare yourselves by
Asher continued on the sea shore, and abode in his breaches.

Jerusalem.
young both in one day.
hath this man this wisdom, and these mighty works?  13:55 Is not this
9:17 And there stood a watchman on the tower in Jezreel, and he spied

16:26 Thou hast also committed fornication with the Egyptians thy
15:20 Whereas thou camest but yesterday, should I this day make thee
you, and scourges in your sides, and thorns in your eyes, until ye
serve with thee for Rachel? wherefore then hast thou beguiled me?
bread alone, but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of
favour in his eyes.
12:28 And one of the scribes came, and having heard them reasoning
28:26 When he made a decree for the rain, and a way for the lightning
as at other times.

Ephraim among the Ephraimites, and among the Manassites.


the synagogue of the Jews, and so spake, that a great multitude both
and how he had advanced him above the princes and servants of the
11:9 So the king of the south shall come into his kingdom, and shall
full with the blessing of the LORD: possess thou the west and the
29:23 And it came to pass in the evening, that he took Leah his
22:28 Ye are they which have continued with me in my temptations.
gathered together for war.

17:25 A foolish son is a grief to his father, and bitterness to her

10:18 For thus saith the LORD, Behold, I will sling out the
nature: 1:27 And likewise also the men, leaving the natural use of the


nakedness do not appear; and anoint thine eyes with eyesalve, that
with the good things of Egypt, and ten she asses laden with corn and
1:6 Wherein ye greatly rejoice, though now for a season, if need be,
122:8 For my brethren and companions' sakes, I will now say, Peace be
22:40 For thou hast girded me with strength to battle: them that rose
11:12 He that is void of wisdom despiseth his neighbour: but a man of
9:6 O thou enemy, destructions are come to a perpetual end: and thou

that dwell in all the earth; Peace be multiplied unto you.

that which remaineth in the length of the curtains of the tent, it
gone away: 23:10 He arose, and smote the Philistines until his hand
well.


devils: freely ye have received, freely give.
the LORD in Jerusalem: and then they waited on their office according
cry from the passages: for all thy lovers are destroyed.
27:21 And Isaac said unto Jacob, Come near, I pray thee, that I may
16:33 And he took them the same hour of the night, and washed their
men which have not the seal of God in their foreheads.
bless the house of Israel; he will bless the house of Aaron.
of them, fifty and two thousand and seven hundred.
and will lay low the haughtiness of the terrible.
the prophets; This man is not worthy to die: for he hath spoken to us
13:4 The soul of the sluggard desireth, and hath nothing: but the soul



hath whereof to glory; but not before God.
the house of the LORD, and in the house of the king of Judah, and at
the Lord, knowing only the baptism of John.
earth; I will destroy the city and the inhabitants thereof.
1:19 And the king communed with them; and among them all was found
forty years.
12:28 Wherefore we receiving a kingdom which cannot be moved, let us


quickeneth the dead, and calleth those things which be not as though
6:22 And the sons of Uzziel; Mishael, and Elzaphan, and Zithri.
plead their cause, and spoil the soul of those that spoiled them.
land of the Benjamites, but they found them not.

7:23 And the men of Israel gathered themselves together out of


been slain by her.
1:9 Of Zebulun; Eliab the son of Helon.
thee.
it.


is not delivered by much strength.
7:25 For a certain woman, whose young daughter had an unclean spirit,
in the earth, and warmeth them in dust, 39:15 And forgetteth that the
that we may enquire of the LORD by him? And one of the king of
idols, even as ye were led.
19:35 And it came to pass that night, that the angel of the LORD went
16:22 I Tertius, who wrote this epistle, salute you in the Lord.
14:15 For the LORD shall smite Israel, as a reed is shaken in the
too hard for me: the LORD shall reward the doer of evil according to
of Christ, and the glory that should follow.

that the LORD thy God brought thee out thence through a mighty hand
hour is not yet come.
2:48 And when they saw him, they were amazed: and his mother said unto
31:16 And the LORD said unto Moses, Behold, thou shalt sleep with thy
21:34 And unto the families of the children of Merari, the rest of the

that whatsoever good thing any man doeth, the same shall he receive of
16:28 Verily I say unto you, There be some standing here, which shall
woman through her belly. So the plague was stayed from the children of

king tidings, how that the LORD hath avenged him of his enemies.
that I may dwell in the house of the LORD all the days of my life, to
the goats, for a burnt sacrifice; he shall bring it a male without
the governors of Israel, that offered themselves willingly among the

18:15 And Elijah said, As the LORD of hosts liveth, before whom I
above.

shall add unto him the plagues that are written in this book: 22:19
the ears of the people that are on the wall.

1:6  Which is come unto you, as it is in all the world; and bringeth forth

covenant that shall not be forgotten.

9:23 And when Jesus came into the ruler's house, and saw the minstrels
17:17 Be not a terror unto me: thou art my hope in the day of evil.
into Bethany; and he lodged there.
westward, and to Shihorlibnath; 19:27 And turneth toward the sunrising
4:15 Now Eli was ninety and eight years old; and his eyes were dim,
10:31 And Joshua passed from Libnah, and all Israel with him, unto
22:7 And the elders of Moab and the elders of Midian departed with the

that make merry: and I will multiply them, and they shall not be few;
21:16 And Ishbibenob, which was of the sons of the giant, the weight

18:26 And say, Thus saith the king, Put this fellow in the prison, and
and thirty and four.
84:3 Yea, the sparrow hath found an house, and the swallow a nest for
all the tribes of Israel:) 11:33 Because that they have forsaken me,
3:6 But now when Timotheus came from you unto us, and brought us good
forgotten to take bread.
16:12 And it shall come to pass, when it is seen that Moab is weary on
magnify the law, and make it honourable.

the burnt offering, that Jehu said to the guard and to the captains,
table.
sick of the palsy,) Arise, take up thy bed, and go unto thine house.

sanctified themselves, and brought in the burnt offerings into the

Zethar, and Carcas, the seven chamberlains that served in the presence
perish.

16:21 A woman when she is in travail hath sorrow, because her hour is
3:6 And he thought scorn to lay hands on Mordecai alone; for they had
7:10 And they that were sent, returning to the house, found the

48:46 Woe be unto thee, O Moab! the people of Chemosh perisheth: for

not the things that be of God, but the things that be of men.

4:4 Again, I considered all travail, and every right work, that for

him, Go now through all the tribes of Israel, from Dan even to

was in them did signify, when it testified beforehand the sufferings
10:11 For whereas my father put a heavy yoke upon you, I will put more

Tribulation and anguish, upon every soul of man that doeth evil, of
1:2 Then Solomon spake unto all Israel, to the captains of thousands
teach; 3:3 Not given to wine, no striker, not greedy of filthy lucre;

9:7 Thou art the LORD the God, who didst choose Abram, and broughtest


Lord, who doeth all these things.
27:26 Only the firstling of the beasts, which should be the LORD's
sweet, and bread eaten in secret is pleasant.
purify the sons of Levi, and purge them as gold and silver, that they
4:5 The fool foldeth his hands together, and eateth his own flesh.
sacrifice to do to Baal; whosoever shall be wanting, he shall not
4:8 Draw nigh to God, and he will draw nigh to you. Cleanse your
7:1 And it came to pass in the fourth year of king Darius, that the
17:2 A wise servant shall have rule over a son that causeth shame, and
and to the charmers, and to them that have familiar spirits, and to
they not pass over it?  5:23 But this people hath a revolting and a
6:32 For if ye love them which love you, what thank have ye? for
18:7 Woe unto the world because of offences! for it must needs be that
72:16 There shall be an handful of corn in the earth upon the top of
12:8 Moreover the Levites: Jeshua, Binnui, Kadmiel, Sherebiah, Judah,
shall say, Wherefore hath the LORD done thus unto this land? what
14:28 Ye have heard how I said unto you, I go away, and come again
give flattering titles unto man.
send him to my father's house: 16:28 For I have five brethren; that he
light given to a man whose way is hid, and whom God hath hedged in?
there with all Israel, until he had cut off every male in Edom:) 11:17
children which she shall bear: for she shall eat them for want of all
with mankind, for menstealers, for liars, for perjured persons, and if
1:12 These are spots in your feasts of charity, when they feast with
pigeons, unto the LORD; one for a sin offering, and the other for a
them that diligently seek him.

11:4 And they went their way, and found the colt tied by the door
loose thyself from the bands of thy neck, O captive daughter of Zion.
74:3 Lift up thy feet unto the perpetual desolations; even all that
the innermost parts of the belly.
with these requirements.  We do not solicit donations in locations
18:23 If thou shalt do this thing, and God command thee so, then thou
29:27 And the time that he reigned over Israel was forty years; seven
king, live for ever.


26:22 Having therefore obtained help of God, I continue unto this day,
29:26 And Laban said, It must not be so done in our country, to give



8:51 And when he came into the house, he suffered no man to go in,


coming; and shall begin to beat the menservants and maidens, and to
known; and there shalt thou serve other gods, wood and stone.
first bring Michal Saul's daughter, when thou comest to see my face.

therefore shall the lord of the vineyard do unto them?  20:16 He shall
devise my hurt.
Assyria, and took Ijon, and Abelbethmaachah, and Janoah, and Kedesh,

94:18 When I said, My foot slippeth; thy mercy, O LORD, held me up.
19:15 And he laid his hands on them, and departed thence.
were Jahath and Obadiah, the Levites, of the sons of Merari; and
priests and Levites concerning any matter, or concerning the
69:32 The humble shall see this, and be glad: and your heart shall
affliction with the people of God, than to enjoy the pleasures of sin
10:22 Thy fathers went down into Egypt with threescore and ten

not eat, until I have told mine errand. And he said, Speak on.

9:2 And his disciples asked him, saying, Master, who did sin, this
in the imagination of their hearts.
ever; seeing that which now is in the days to come shall all be
upward: and their number by their polls, man by man, was thirty and
twelve stones out of the midst of Jordan, as the LORD spake unto
it unto good, to bring to pass, as it is this day, to save much people
and there ye shall be sold unto your enemies for bondmen and
2:15 And the LORD God took the man, and put him into the garden of
unto him. Do the rulers know indeed that this is the very Christ?

the Lord GOD: there shall be many dead bodies in every place; they
no number. Arise therefore, and be doing, and the LORD be with thee.
58:2 Yet they seek me daily, and delight to know my ways, as a nation
enter into Egypt: and ye shall be an execration, and an astonishment,


every beast will I require it, and at the hand of man; at the hand of
whom they had children.
swarms of flies upon thee, and upon thy servants, and upon thy people,

7:11 In the day that thy walls are to be built, in that day shall the




throne, saying, 4:11 Thou art worthy, O Lord, to receive glory and
Aaron the priests, which were in the fields of the suburbs of their
enemies: 1:25 And I will turn my hand upon thee, and purely purge away
stand, surely, were it not that I regard the presence of Jehoshaphat
32:12 And thou saidst, I will surely do thee good, and make thy seed
of the Kohathites: Heman a singer, the son of Joel, the son of
establish thou it.

9:16 And the bow shall be in the cloud; and I will look upon it, that

charger of the weight of an hundred and thirty shekels, one silver
in me, it is better for him that a millstone were hanged about his

old.
ye far from thence: 6:7 Let the work of this house of God alone; let
themselves, who should be the greatest.
ordinances, or after the law and commandment which the LORD commanded

uncircumcised Philistine shall be as one of them, seeing he hath
thoughts and intents of the heart.
16:8 In the twenty and sixth year of Asa king of Judah began Elah the
wrath of God.
19:6 And they sat down, and did eat and drink both of them together:
polluted the sanctuary, they have done violence to the law.
to the greatest, 42:9 And said unto them, Thus saith the LORD, the God
it, and called on the name of Baal from morning even until noon,
against them: how long will it be ere they attain to innocency?  8:6
earth, and daughters were born unto them, 6:2 That the sons of God saw
and my children; I will not go out free: 21:6 Then his master shall
ye transgressors.
with fire; and their wives, and their sons, and their daughters, were
16:18 Whosoever putteth away his wife, and marrieth another,
and against all the nations, from the day I spake unto thee, from the

whole from that very hour.
childless, and the steward of my house is this Eliezer of Damascus?
14:16 And he shall give Israel up because of the sins of Jeroboam, who
the place which the LORD thy God shall choose to place his name there.
27:26 Then released he Barabbas unto them: and when he had scourged
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
LORD, which ye shall proclaim to be holy convocations, even these are
house: 5:9 Lest thou give thine honour unto others, and thy years unto

7:25 And now, O LORD God, the word that thou hast spoken concerning
also of Galilee?  Search, and look: for out of Galilee ariseth no
him, The first. Jesus saith unto them, Verily I say unto you, That the
all things that John spake of this man were true.

fallen to the earth, and none escaped.

him.
9:16 Then said I, Wisdom is better than strength: nevertheless the
never man sat: loose him, and bring him hither.
ye are come so soon to day?  2:19 And they said, An Egyptian delivered
long hair, it is a glory to her: for her hair is given her for a
departed into Galilee; 4:13 And leaving Nazareth, he came and dwelt in
there shall a man meet you, bearing a pitcher of water; follow him

of counsellors they are established.
him the blood, which he sprinkled round about upon the altar.
said unto them, Ye men of Judaea, and all ye that dwell at Jerusalem,
6:2 Let us go, we pray thee, unto Jordan, and take thence every man a
6:19 Also they reported his good deeds before me, and uttered my words
We are lords; we will come no more unto thee?  2:32 Can a maid forget
yoke which he put upon us, lighter, and we will serve thee.
LORD, and surname himself by the name of Israel.
was like a flying eagle.
2:6 And he hath violently taken away his tabernacle, as if it were of




11:20 And Reu lived two and thirty years, and begat Serug: 11:21 And

5:18 Neither shalt thou commit adultery.
31:16 Wherefore the children of Israel shall keep the sabbath, to
cieled with cedar, and painted with vermilion.
him, and consulted with the young men that were grown up with him, and
sister, be thou the mother of thousands of millions, and let thy seed
it, but the sign of the prophet Jonas: 12:40 For as Jonas was three


1:8 And God called the firmament Heaven. And the evening and the


because I said, I am the Son of God?  10:37 If I do not the works of

LORD, Thou shalt not build me an house to dwell in: 17:5 For I have
land, to fall by the sword, that our wives and our children should be
20:14 And Abimelech took sheep, and oxen, and menservants, and

7:2 Nevertheless, to avoid fornication, let every man have his own
whoring after the heathen, and because thou art polluted with their
34:10 It shall not be quenched night nor day; the smoke thereof shall

64:2 Hide me from the secret counsel of the wicked; from the
enter with thee into judgment?  22:5 Is not thy wickedness great? and

2:14 Yet ye say, Wherefore? Because the LORD hath been witness between

shall have chosen you; and the LORD will not hear you in that day.
30:12 For thus saith the LORD, Thy bruise is incurable, and thy wound
and he took hold of his own clothes, and rent them in two pieces.


the tail. And he put forth his hand, and caught it, and it became a
praises unto thy name, O most High:
26:26 Which Shelomith and his brethren were over all the treasures of


off all wicked doers from the city of the LORD.
LORD hearkened unto the voice of a man: for the LORD fought for
ever.
Ozias begat Joatham; and Joatham begat Achaz; and Achaz begat Ezekias;


17:4 A wicked doer giveth heed to false lips; and a liar giveth ear to
flesh in the holy place.

But camest back, and hast eaten bread and drunk water in the place, of
left of her two sons and her husband.
manifest in them; for God hath shewed it unto them.
there be any sorrow like unto my sorrow, which is done unto me,
and blessed him.
children of Sophereth, the children of Perida, 7:58 The children of

if thou wilt not redeem it, then thou shalt break his neck: and all


land, and the house, he sent Shaphan the son of Azaliah, and Maaseiah
ever.
7:4 And the LORD said unto Gideon, The people are yet too many; bring
the horses came into the king's house: and there was she slain.
10:3 But in those sacrifices there is a remembrance again made of sins

9:27 And as they were going down to the end of the city, Samuel said
sought to bring them out to the people.
And immediately the cock crew.
out of thine hand?  25:16 And it came to pass, as he talked with him,
told me lies: now tell me, I pray thee, wherewith thou mightest be
2:6 Therefore, behold, I will hedge up thy way with thorns, and make a
him before the LORD for his issue.

shall consume the tabernacles of bribery.

39:12 And seven months shall the house of Israel be burying of them,

all clean.
LORD, and I cannot go back.
neither have storehouse nor barn; and God feedeth them: how much more
68:9 Thou, O God, didst send a plentiful rain, whereby thou didst
see him, and from the hills I behold him: lo, the people shall dwell
city is Hebron, in the hill country of Judah, with the suburbs thereof
trees.

answer me.
slipped.

the son of Josedech, the high priest, and to the residue of the
2:7 They shall run like mighty men; they shall climb the wall like men
priests?  therefore it shall be, that what thing soever thou shalt
Macedonia supplied: and in all things I have kept myself from being
had familiar spirits, and the wizards, out of the land.
judge that shall be in those days, and enquire; and they shall shew

cities thereof, saith the LORD, no man shall abide there, neither
made perfect by the flesh?  3:4 Have ye suffered so many things in
107:5 Hungry and thirsty, their soul fainted in them.
42:19 The LORD hath said concerning you, O ye remnant of Judah; Go ye
God, and that obey not the gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ: 1:9 Who
ye people.
8:30 Moreover whom he did predestinate, them he also called: and whom
dismayed and confounded: they were as the grass of the field, and as
Israel; They shall eat their bread with carefulness, and drink their
14:15 Now if thou shalt kill all this people as one man, then the
every bond wherewith she hath bound her soul shall stand.
15:10 Thou shalt surely give him, and thine heart shall not be grieved
9:48 And Abimelech gat him up to mount Zalmon, he and all the people
to behold the sun: 11:8 But if a man live many years, and rejoice in
desire upon mine enemies.
them.
40:3 The voice of him that crieth in the wilderness, Prepare ye the
fourth part of an hin.
staves to bear the table.
under these heavens.
against the prophets, saith the LORD, that steal my words every one


love, if any fellowship of the Spirit, if any bowels and mercies, 2:2
13:14 She may not eat of any thing that cometh of the vine, neither
covenant.
made all that he did to prosper in his hand.
the light and the sun.

the tithes and the dedicated things faithfully: over which Cononiah
public domain works in creating the Project Gutenberg-tm
served by the field.
undersetters molten, at the side of every addition.
5:26 For who is there of all flesh, that hath heard the voice of the
families, by the house of their fathers, according to the number of


4:9 And God said to Jonah, Doest thou well to be angry for the gourd?
is judged.
22:10 Weep ye not for the dead, neither bemoan him: but weep sore for
14:2 Take with you words, and turn to the LORD: say unto him, Take
104:14 He causeth the grass to grow for the cattle, and herb for the
11:32 The men of Nineve shall rise up in the judgment with this
and Boaz begat Obed, 4:22 And Obed begat Jesse, and Jesse begat David.
Egypt, saying, 9:2 Let the children of Israel also keep the passover
are of thee.
whose brightness was excellent, stood before thee; and the form
going forth of the sanctuary.


13:1 In the three and twentieth year of Joash the son of Ahaziah king

Laodicea.
the King of the Jews?  15:10 For he knew that the chief priests had
78:17 And they sinned yet more against him by provoking the most High
saying, Thus spake the man unto me; that he came unto the man; and,



the other six names of the rest on the other stone, according to their
forth grapes, and it brought forth wild grapes.
said unto him: and so it was, because he feared his father's
25:27 Therefore thou shalt say unto them, Thus saith the LORD of
have nests; but the Son of man hath not where to lay his head.
132:11 The LORD hath sworn in truth unto David; he will not turn from

the woman, and of him that lieth with her that is unclean.
the king of Judah, I would not look toward thee, nor see thee.
3:11 And he said, Who told thee that thou wast naked? Hast thou eaten
11:23 Are they ministers of Christ? (I speak as a fool) I am more; in
heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind, and with all thy
them up again.
8:49 Then hear thou their prayer and their supplication in heaven thy

21:43 And the LORD gave unto Israel all the land which he sware to
15:13 And when he that hath an issue is cleansed of his issue; then he
desireth a good work.
Eglon, one; the king of Gezer, one; 12:13 The king of Debir, one; the
entire, wanting nothing.
the porch of the inner gate were fifty cubits.
firm.
LORD blessed the sabbath day, and hallowed it.
doors, and bar them: and appoint watches of the inhabitants of
Lydia: and when they had seen the brethren, they comforted them, and
16:11 I decked thee also with ornaments, and I put bracelets upon thy

break, and the wine runneth out, and the bottles perish: but they put
throne.
Israel said unto them, Would to God we had died by the hand of the
many as came to the place where Asahel fell down and died stood still.
righteousness, and to seal up the vision and prophecy, and to anoint
concerning Samaria and Jerusalem.
myself and to Apollos for your sakes; that ye might learn in us not to

22:7 And I fell unto the ground, and heard a voice saying unto me,
know nothing, because our days upon earth are a shadow:) 8:10 Shall
he was deposed from his kingly throne, and they took his glory from
29:5 And I will leave thee thrown into the wilderness, thee and all

of the half tribe of Manasseh, ten cities.
136:20 And Og the king of Bashan: for his mercy endureth for ever:
saith the LORD, to bring in no burden through the gates of this city
for manslayers, 1:10 For whoremongers, for them that defile themselves
they said one to another, Lo, the king of Israel hath hired against us
he shall have no power, seeing he hath dealt deceitfully with her.
30:33 So shall my righteousness answer for me in time to come, when it
you, while I was yet with you, that all things must be fulfilled,
thee with an everlasting love: therefore with lovingkindness have I


against them; 6:4 And they encamped against them, and destroyed the
28:4 And these are the garments which they shall make; a breastplate,
unto me, to bear my name before the Gentiles, and kings, and the
38:17 Thus saith the Lord GOD; Art thou he of whom I have spoken in

7:63 And of the priests: the children of Habaiah, the children of Koz,

people that are on the wall.

3:30 Because they said, He hath an unclean spirit.

Israel: now see to thine own house, David. So Israel departed unto
11:31 For if we would judge ourselves, we should not be judged.
16:23 Then the lords of the Philistines gathered them together for to

there is one event unto all: yea, also the heart of the sons of men is
10:32 And likewise a Levite, when he was at the place, came and looked
making himself equal with God.
11:13 For the king of the north shall return, and shall set forth a
Ammonites, and to Judah in Jerusalem the defenced.
1:8 But Daniel purposed in his heart that he would not defile himself
contend with them in battle: for I will not give thee of their land
mingled with oil: three tenth deals shall ye offer for a bullock, and
6:9 Know ye not that the unrighteous shall not inherit the kingdom of


that it was anointed, even the princes offered their offering before
chariots, and a noise of horses, even the noise of a great host: and
5:10 The princes of Judah were like them that remove the bound:
Son of man, wail for the multitude of Egypt, and cast them down, even
20:15 And Abimelech said, Behold, my land is before thee: dwell where
moved.
3:24 When thou liest down, thou shalt not be afraid: yea, thou shalt
possess the land.
11:12 And Jephthah sent messengers unto the king of the children of
13:1 A wise son heareth his father's instruction: but a scorner
the burden of the sons of Kohath in the tabernacle of the

relieve their souls.
even I, will utterly forget you, and I will forsake you, and the city

stoppeth his ears from hearing of blood, and shutteth his eyes from
18:17 And Saul said to David, Behold my elder daughter Merab, her will



9:4 Uthai the son of Ammihud, the son of Omri, the son of Imri, the
hills did bow: his ways are everlasting.
thing of nought, and the deceit of their heart.
52:23 And there were ninety and six pomegranates on a side; and all
sodomite of the sons of Israel.
Joab, and sent it by the hand of Uriah.
119:140 Thy word is very pure: therefore thy servant loveth it.
your bone and your flesh.
beam.
according to their families: and the coast of their lot came forth
1:10 Then Joshua commanded the officers of the people, saying, 1:11
and four thousand.
13:1 And the LORD spake unto Moses and Aaron, saying, 13:2 When a man

am no prophet, I am an husbandman; for man taught me to keep cattle
is there breath left in me.
which he hath.
of the thing: 5:16 And I have heard of thee, that thou canst make
before the LORD: for of the ram of consecration it was Moses' part; as
thou hast said in thine heart, I am, and none else beside me.
32:26 And he said, Let me go, for the day breaketh. And he said, I
12:9 Son of man, hath not the house of Israel, the rebellious house,
of the Jews!  15:19 And they smote him on the head with a reed, and
19:6 And he made haste, and came down, and received him joyfully.




15:22 For as in Adam all die, even so in Christ shall all be made

with the pestilence, and will deliver them to be removed to all the

is not washed from their filthiness.
I shew unto him marvellous things.
9:6 And they went to Joshua unto the camp at Gilgal, and said unto
intreat the LORD your God, that he may take away from me this death
following: for it cannot be that a prophet perish out of Jerusalem.
16:25 And the fat of the sin offering shall he burn upon the altar.
the rulers, and the people, that they might be reckoned by genealogy.

3:22 And whatsoever we ask, we receive of him, because we keep his

did not every man cast away the abominations of their eyes, neither

for it is God's throne: 5:35 Nor by the earth; for it is his
themselves a good degree, and great boldness in the faith which is in
brethren two hundred and twenty: 15:7 Of the sons of Gershom; Joel the

name.



39:11 And the second row, an emerald, a sapphire, and a diamond.
pestilence.

1:3 Judah is gone into captivity because of affliction, and because of

answered, Go ye.
children of Israel, and sent to the prison to have them brought.


but be ye all ready: 8:5 And I, and all the people that are with me,
by the hand of them that were with me, I came into Damascus.
15:31 And the rest of the acts of Pekah, and all that he did, behold,
15:1 Samuel also said unto Saul, The LORD sent me to anoint thee to be

15:11 And they offered unto the LORD the same time, of the spoil which
greatness is grown, and reacheth unto heaven, and thy dominion to the
you.
1:8 This book of the law shall not depart out of thy mouth; but thou
favoured.
8:29 And Moses said, Behold, I go out from thee, and I will intreat
9:5 For every battle of the warrior is with confused noise, and
ravenous birds of every sort, and to the beasts of the field to be
44:7 And they said unto him, Wherefore saith my lord these words? God

5:6 When Jesus saw him lie, and knew that he had been now a long time
19:20 And he left the oxen, and ran after Elijah, and said, Let me, I
shall be cut off from among his people: 17:5 To the end that the
murderer, which is guilty of death: but he shall be surely put to
thereof, that they should become a desolation and a curse, and hast


that believeth not, and she be pleased to dwell with him, let him not
39:1 And of the blue, and purple, and scarlet, they made cloths of
also for the stranger that sojourneth with you, an ordinance for ever
15:20 This is the inheritance of the tribe of the children of Judah
I the LORD will make myself known unto him in a vision, and will speak
7:11 Wisdom is good with an inheritance: and by it there is profit to
1:1 And Solomon the son of David was strengthened in his kingdom, and
am innocent; neither is there iniquity in me.
thick darkness where God was.
57:2 He shall enter into peace: they shall rest in their beds, each
2:61 And of the children of the priests: the children of Habaiah, the
name?  63:13 That led them through the deep, as an horse in the
every one that killeth any person unawares may flee thither.
tabernacle was yet standing: 9:9 Which was a figure for the time then
88:6 Thou hast laid me in the lowest pit, in darkness, in the deeps.
have not this doctrine, and which have not known the depths of Satan,
8:4 And when much people were gathered together, and were come to him
went up unto it by seven steps; and the arches thereof were before

and after Milcom the abomination of the Ammonites.
the hand of Moses.
himself with all his might; and the house fell upon the lords, and
57:21 There is no peace, saith my God, to the wicked.
Israel, nor any grieving thorn of all that are round about them, that

13:40 And the man whose hair is fallen off his head, he is bald; yet

15:35 Paul also and Barnabas continued in Antioch, teaching and
22:29 And when ye will offer a sacrifice of thanksgiving unto the
counsellor perished? for pangs have taken thee as a woman in travail.
cold?



7:6 And the number of them that lapped, putting their hand to their
11:5 And the inhabitants of Jebus said to David, Thou shalt not come
27:57 When the even was come, there came a rich man of Arimathaea,

truth, Christ is preached; and I therein do rejoice, yea, and will
receiveth the prize? So run, that ye may obtain.
36:19 Then said the princes unto Baruch, Go, hide thee, thou and
the bitter in soul; 3:21 Which long for death, but it cometh not; and


until I have shewed thy strength unto this generation, and thy power
the LORD God of Israel, as king Cyrus the king of Persia hath
about.
shall be the feast of tabernacles for seven days unto the LORD.
3:7 So then neither is he that planteth any thing, neither he that

according to all the folly that they have wrought in Israel.
8:4 And his disciples answered him, From whence can a man satisfy

8:18 And by the good hand of our God upon us they brought us a man of
4:8 There is one alone, and there is not a second; yea, he hath
14:17 And the fame of David went out into all lands; and the LORD
59:7 Their feet run to evil, and they make haste to shed innocent
foundations of the prison were shaken: and immediately all the doors
Josedech, the high priest, with all the remnant of the people, obeyed
shouldest be to lay waste defenced cities into ruinous heaps.
waxed feeble: anguish took hold of him, and pangs as of a woman in
1:7 Thus saith the LORD of hosts; Consider your ways.

3:19 The small and great are there; and the servant is free from his
123:3 Have mercy upon us, O LORD, have mercy upon us: for we are

22:31 But as touching the resurrection of the dead, have ye not read
92:3 Upon an instrument of ten strings, and upon the psaltery; upon


48:15 And he blessed Joseph, and said, God, before whom my fathers
8:29 Watch ye, and keep them, until ye weigh them before the chief of
of their souls to him in well doing, as unto a faithful Creator.

Jeremiah hath prophesied against all the nations.
after God: God is not in all his thoughts.
and when she saw Peter, she sat up.

And he said unto me, Write: for these words are true and faithful.

11:39 And it came to pass at the end of two months, that she returned


2:3 Let no man deceive you by any means: for that day shall not come,
true, but the time appointed was long: and he understood the thing,
city; and the man, because he hath humbled his neighbour's wife: so
it shall be wholly desolate: every one that goeth by Babylon shall be
28:20 The LORD shall send upon thee cursing, vexation, and rebuke, in


known thee, and these have known that thou hast sent me.

that he rent his clothes, and said, Am I God, to kill and to make
40:16 And there were narrow windows to the little chambers, and to
29:25 And it came to pass, that in the morning, behold, it was Leah:
O house of Israel.

house.
6:35 But love ye your enemies, and do good, and lend, hoping for
for he doeth whatsoever pleaseth him.
men more than the praise of God.
seeking him.



breath, they die, and return to their dust.
who is sufficient for these things?  2:17 For we are not as many,

conceit.

and said, Who is on my side?  who? And there looked out to him two or

5:2 Hearken unto the voice of my cry, my King, and my God: for unto


transgression, the fruit of my body for the sin of my soul?  6:8 He

hath spoken it.
he answered and said, Every plant, which my heavenly Father hath not
12:28 Observe and hear all these words which I command thee, that it
your families: and to the more ye shall give the more inheritance, and
lefthanded; every one could sling stones at an hair breadth, and not

10:10 And, behold, an hand touched me, which set me upon my knees and
be poured out upon the altar of the LORD thy God, and thou shalt eat
that shall rise to reign over the Gentiles; in him shall the Gentiles
25:10 And Nabal answered David's servants, and said, Who is David? and
his son.
burned them.
place afar off.
32:5 And I will lay thy flesh upon the mountains, and fill the valleys
grace in my sight.
refuge.

casting down the dwelling place of thy name to the ground.
mouth devoured: coals were kindled by it.
18:10 And Zedekiah the son of Chenaanah had made him horns of iron,
king, nor the decree that thou hast signed, but maketh his petition

him, and brought him to his house. And he told Laban all these things.
nor for princes strong drink: 31:5 Lest they drink, and forget the
Cry aloud: for he is a god; either he is talking, or he is pursuing,
their fathers to the false prophets.
Apharsites, the Archevites, the Babylonians, the Susanchites, the
shall offer an offering made by fire unto the LORD: it is a solemn
to the children of Benjamin, Benaiah the Pirathonite, 11:32 Hurai of

years, and begat sons and daughters: 5:17 And all the days of
7:14 In the morning therefore ye shall be brought according to your
46:32 And the men are shepherds, for their trade hath been to feed
unto thee.

of them shall be pricks in your eyes, and thorns in your sides, and
5:12 His eyes are as the eyes of doves by the rivers of waters, washed
4:24 And the hand of the children of Israel prospered, and prevailed
the cave of the field of Machpelah, which Abraham bought with the

28:19 From the time that it goeth forth it shall take you: for morning
29:40 And Moses told the children of Israel according to all that the
18:31 For who is God save the LORD? or who is a rock save our God?
the which thou hast laboured: 62:9 But they that have gathered it
12:20 Ye shall eat nothing leavened; in all your habitations shall ye
terrible as an army with banners.
way of the righteous is made plain.
have knowledge. Knowledge puffeth up, but charity edifieth.


1:16 Is not the meat cut off before our eyes, yea, joy and gladness
was afraid of him.

and were sore afraid.
the midst of thee them that rejoice in thy pride, and thou shalt no
Bashan, which dwelt at Astaroth in Edrei: 1:5 On this side Jordan, in
understand the matter, and consider the vision.
a prophet among them.
perpetual sleep, and not wake, saith the King, whose name is the LORD

17:16 But if he wash them not, nor bathe his flesh; then he shall bear
bread?  16:9 Do ye not yet understand, neither remember the five

exceed, and beat him above these with many stripes, then thy brother

cities that ye have taken.
half shall be the breadth of one board.
2:18 For if I build again the things which I destroyed, I make myself

from heaven, and gavest them right judgments, and true laws, good
spared the best of the sheep and of the oxen, to sacrifice unto the
free, and be not entangled again with the yoke of bondage.
found them not.

13:16 And the children of Israel fled before Judah: and God delivered
see all the evil which I will bring upon this place. And they brought
33:2 And Moses wrote their goings out according to their journeys by
saith the LORD, as the children of Israel bring an offering in a clean
thy head.

the Lord GOD.
and thy seed from the land of their captivity; and Jacob shall return,
feet, and he will make me to walk upon mine high places. To the chief
of Benhadad.
14:12 Arise thou therefore, get thee to thine own house: and when thy
32:3 Thus saith the Lord GOD; I will therefore spread out my net over
